chore: replace test mode with simulated mode (#13)
smartcar/getting-started-java-sdk: README.md

$ ./gradlew run
```

> Once your server is up and running, you can authenticate your vehicle. In our current set up, we are using Smartcar's [simulated mode](https://smartcar.com/docs/getting-started/dashboard/simulator), so you can log in with any username and password. To authenticate, navigate to `http://localhost:8000/login`. Once you have authenticated, go to `http://localhost:8000/vehicle` to see your vehicle information.

Author: ```suggestion
Once your server is up and running, you can authenticate your vehicle. In our current set up, we are using Smartcar's [simulated mode](https://smartcar.com/docs/getting-started/dashboard/simulator), which will allow you to log in with simulated credentials or any username and password. To authenticate, navigate to `http://localhost:8000/login`. Once you have authenticated, go to `http://localhost:8000/vehicle` to see your vehicle information.
```
